
July 2016

Coventry University

Faculty of Engineering, Environment and Computing

# 321COM Rapid Application Development

Instructions to candidates

Time Allowed: 2 hours 00 minutes

This is a Closed Book examination

Answer:

All questions

The total number of questions in this paper: 4

Each question is worth 25 marks.

Start each question on a new page and carefully identify your answers with the correct question number

For this examination you will be supplied with the following

1 Answer Book(s)

You must hand this question paper in at the end of the examination.

Answer all questions

----

1. Cloud services are becoming increasingly popular with organisations.
    1. Explain using examples what is meant by the cloud. You should compare it to alternatives explaining its pros and cons.
<div style="text-align: right">(7 marks)</div>
    2. Using examples explain the acronym SaaS and describe its benefits
    <div style="text-align: right">(6 marks)</div>
    3. Using examples explain the acronym PaaS and describe its benefits
    <div style="text-align: right">(6 marks)</div>
    4. Using examples explain the acronym IaaS and describe its benefits
<div style="text-align: right">(6 marks)</div>
<div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>

----

2. Many online systems are made available through a public API.
    1. Explain the purpose of an API and give examples
    <div style="text-align: right">(9 marks)</div>
    2. Describe how an API supports CRUD operations giving concrete examples to support your explanation
    <div style="text-align: right">(8 marks)</div>
    3. Explain the difference between a resource and a collection giving examples of both
    <div style="text-align: right">(4 marks)</div>
    4. Web APIs deliver their content using the JSON format. Using an example explain its key features and advantages over the use of XML
    <div style="text-align: right">(4 marks)</div>
<div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>

----

3. Many software development companies are moving from a 'traditional' approach to embrace a more agile approach. This encompasses a number of important concepts.
    1. Explain what is meant by agile.
    <div style="text-align: right">(4 marks)</div>
    2. Explain the following concepts and explain where they would typically be used:
        1. incremental development
        2. timeboxing
        3. MoSCoW Rules
        4. Minimum viable product
    <div style="text-align: right">(16 marks)</div>
    3. Describe some of the online tools you can use to support agile development and explain how they help the process
    <div style="text-align: right">(5 marks)</div>
<div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>

----

4. Modern programming methodologies make extensive use of automated testing.
    1. Explain the Test-Driven Development paradigm showing the benefits of adoption
    <div style="text-align: right">(9 marks)</div>
    2. Explain the purpose of Unit Testing, how it is used and its benefits giving clear examples.
    <div style="text-align: right">(8 marks)</div>
    3. Explain the purpose of Acceptance Testing, its role and benefits giving examples.
    <div style="text-align: right">(8 marks)</div>
    <div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>