
# July 2017

Coventry University

Faculty of Engineering, Environment and Computing

# 302CEM Agile Development

Instructions to candidates

Time allowed: 2 Hours 0 minutes

Answer: All Questions

 The total number of questions in this paper: 4

All questions carry equal marks

Start each question on a new page and carefully identify your answers with the correct question number

For this examination you will be supplied with the following:

1 Answer Book

You must hand this question paper in at the end of the examination

-----

Questions
Answer all questions in this section
1. Agile development is seen as an alternative to traditional waterfall-style project
management when managing risks in a project. For each of the following, compare
and evaluate these two approaches.

    1. Schedule slips.

    <div style="text-align: right">(5 marks)</div>

    2. Business is misunderstood.

    <div style="text-align: right">(5 marks)</div>

    3. Business changes.
    <div style="text-align: right">(5 marks)</div>

    4. The project is suddenly cancelled!
    <div style="text-align: right">(5 marks)</div>

    5. The software is full of bugs

    <div style="text-align: right">(5 marks)</div>

    <div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>

----
2. Scrum is an agile way to manage a project.
    1. Evaluate the following:
        1. Product Backlog
        2. MoSCow Rules
        3. Product Sprint
    <div style="text-align: right">(12 marks)</div>
    2. Many teams use a Kanban board. Evaluate how these can be used to
improve productivity.
    <div style="text-align: right">(9 marks)</div>
    3. Compare the process of a Daily Stand-Up to traditional meeting styles.
<div style="text-align: right">(4 marks)</div>
<div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>

----

3. Modern agile teams often integrate Continuous Integration (CI) and
Continuous Deployment (CD) into their workflow.
    1. Compare Continuous Integration with alternative approaches.
    
    <div style="text-align: right">(9 marks)</div>
    
    2. Compare and contrast Continuous Deployment with alternative approaches.
    
    <div style="text-align: right">(9 marks)</div>
    
    3. Appraise the challenges faced by organisations when adopting CI and
CD.

<div style="text-align: right">(7 marks)</div>

<div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>

----

4. At the core of agile development is the ‘Agile Manifesto’. Appraise the following:
    1. Individuals and interactions over processes and tools.
    <div style="text-align: right">(7 marks)</div>
    2. Working software over comprehensive documentation.
    <div style="text-align: right">(6 marks)</div>
    3. Customer collaboration over contract negotiation.
    <div style="text-align: right">(6 marks)</div>
    4. Responding to change over following a plan
    <div style="text-align: right">(6 marks)</div>
<div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>