
# May 2017

Coventry University

Faculty of Engineering, Environment and Computing


# 302CEM Agile Development

Instructions to candidates

Time allowed: 2 Hours 0 minutes

Answer: All Questions

 The total number of questions in this paper: 4

All questions carry equal marks

Start each question on a new page and carefully identify your answers with the correct question number

For this examination you will be supplied with the following:

1 Answer Book

You must hand this question paper in at the end of the examination

----

1. There have been many studies into the concept of 'competence'.
    1. Abraham Maslow describes four states in the progression to full competence. Define and critically analyse these.
    <div style="text-align: right">(12 marks)</div>
    2. Assess the role of Cognitive Bias and the Dunning-Kruger Effect when building effective agile teams.
    <div style="text-align: right">(6 marks)</div>
    3. Define and explain the Skills for the Information Age (SFIA) Framework and how it uses skills and levels to define competence.
    <div style="text-align: right">(7 marks)</div>
    <div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>

----

2. User Stories are a key tool in agile development.
    1. Jeff Patton describes a process called User Story Mapping. Critically analyse its role in improving agile development.
    <div style="text-align: right">(12 marks)</div>
    2. Alistair Cockburn describes the principle of Goal Levels in which user stories are placed into one of three levels. Explain the rationale behind this process and how the stories are organized.
    <div style="text-align: right">(9 marks)</div>
    3. Evaluate the benefits of Alternative Stories?
    <div style="text-align: right">(4 marks)</div>
    <div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>

----

3. Test-Driven Development is commonly employed by agile teams.
    1. Describe the principles of TDD.
    <div style="text-align: right">(5 marks)</div>
    2. Describe the TDD process.
    <div style="text-align: right">(12 marks)</div>
    3. Describe two benefits of TDD.
    <div style="text-align: right">(4 marks)</div>
    4. How can each module be tested in isolation?
    <div style="text-align: right">(4 marks)</div>
    <div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>

----

4. Most modern software is accessed through the Cloud.
    1. What is the Cloud?
    <div style="text-align: right">(5 marks)</div>
    2. Critically compare cloud vs traditional architectures showing the advantages and disadvantages of both.
    <div style="text-align: right">(4 marks)</div>
    3. Compare the three types of cloud services and give an example of each.
    <div style="text-align: right">(6 marks)</div>
    4. It is important that cloud services can scale to meet demand. For each of the two approaches below, explain, with the use of diagrams, how this scalability is achieved.
        1. Load balancing
        2. Clustering
    <div style="text-align: right">(10 marks)</div>
<div style="text-align: right">(Total 25 marks)</div>